## Robichaux_Sophia_ART2210
         For my self portrait project I wanted to make a piece of work that was very “me” but also something I would normally shy away from. I’m not particularly fond of many abstract works, so I wanted to try my hand at it for this project and see what would come of it. I was originally inspired by Swiss-born painter, Paul Klee’s “Senecio”. Odd enough, while researching this painting I learned that this painting is one of the few famous artworks that are in the public domain. This is due to the fact that the artist died in 1940, less than 20 years after the making of “Senecio”. The painting was painted in 1922 and is oil on gauze, opposed to the typical oil on canvas. I really enjoyed the placement of the shapes on this piece, especially the asymmetrical eyes and two squares for the mouth. I also really enjoyed the coloring of the painting and the warmth it gave the portrait. For my work, I wanted to mostly take from the shapes of the work. Although the skin tone in the original painting is more all over the place, I wanted my piece to stick to a general tone. At the same time, having a variety between all the shapes on the “face” of my portrait. I love to color my hair and eyebrows pretty often. I thought it would be a nice interactive part of my code to have my hair change color as the user moved their mouse around the screen. I was able to accomplish this by using variables and lerpColor inside the setup function. I also thought to add some clear glasses on my self-portrait because I wear my prescription lenses almost everyday. I think I was able to map out the portrait really well and I’m pleasantly surprised at the way the shapes matched up. I found this project to be a great learning experience and taught me more than I would’ve thought possible.

[CLICK HERE FOR AN AMAZING SELF PORTRAIT!](https://sophiarobichaux.github.io/Robichaux_Sophia_ART2210-1/Self-Portrait_Project/Robichaux_Sophia_ART2210_Self-portrait_Fall2019.html)
